[Music]
design of a third
mashallah
hot-hot-hot Messiah in Cassata actually
job salmon a pal a bocce - looky kami a
showstopper Karenga padilla painting a
kiss Baraka cattle structure hope outfit
cow occult beliefs kia has a designer
romney is choppy bucky Shostak plays
other manatees yukia incorrigible
rabbititus acapella show hair LF table
Kelly and I wanted it to be memorable
and so I have to say when she dresses
you like this oh boy the insan' command
again you feel good you feel very very
like an individual I think hamari - me
I'm sorry Cooper hog - add it in here
because it's got the power of of
expressing itself but at the same time
as a woman you should have a choice to
express yourself like this as well so
when she came to me and she said we're
going to do this matte black elegant but
very sexy outfit I said how sexy and she
said skin skin and full-on skin work on
it and I didn't know that when she would
prepare it and it would come home nice
it of a key trial here outfit car and
it's at perfectly that's the sign of an
educated designer for Jo in fact my
Coubertin a value to me
Abby dominate Palenque Marta pedasi bad
for you mister missus Bajaj said Kim
Banana Boat Show today China Auto Spa
Phuket etk mera Sapna Hamilton fashion
designing karna husky body London gray
Los Angeles gay Paris Parsons school day
it's NASA / Nikki but she's back to her
home too
our home country and it makes me so
proud that are going generation are
coming generation of fashion will look
like this the truth is many things in
the geeky sure but key T my modeling say
or especially ramp a ramp show Sato
would you be more common thermogenic
ahead and say I go back to my roots I go
back to live interaction and thanks to
all of you media people and all the
people that were sitting there today on
the show they clapped so hard they
screamed so hard that the energy just
makes you feel like I just think that
actually comes from being a woman
Harry correct me up Nick nosaka trophy
here I I tried to demonstrate it a lot
more but I truly believe that every
woman has here's wishing everyone all my
loved ones especially my wonderful
friends on Twitter people I love so so
very much a very happy and colorful holy
god bless you and have a fantastic time
you